career_development: CTO / VP Of Engineering (#323)
src-d/guide: engineering/methodology.md

    * [How to pick next issues to worked on?](#how-to-pick-next-issues-to-work-on)
* [Leads Meeting](#leads-meeting)
* [Team Meeting](#team-meeting)

> * [CTO Sync Meeting] (#cto-sync-meeting)

Reviewer: broken

## Leads Meeting

> Same as something called SoS (Scrum of Scrums) before - a weekly meeting on Tuesdays 17:00

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Same as something called SoS (Scrum of Scrums) before - a weekly meeting on Wednesdays 17:30
```

> for the VP of Engineering, CTO and all team leads to catch up on ongoing progress.

Reviewer 2: Yes. As far a I can tell, this is actually on Wednesday now and VP of Product and Product Leads are invited.
